README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="50%" align="center" src="https://jacee.dev/img/mods/unlocked-logo.png" alt="">
</p>
  <h1 align="center">
  KingdomUnlocked
</h1>
<p align="center">
  A mod for MySims Kingdom on the Nintendo Switch, enabling debug interactions & cheat menus
</p>
<br>

_Note: All features listed here exist in the latest mod version. Some features may be missing when using previous mod versions. You can download the latest version [here](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest)._


### Custom interactions:

- Player character can use any customizations (e.g. clothes, hair, ...) regardless of gender
- **Flying**: press the map button to fly into the air
- "**Harvest All**" & "**Water All**" for trees: shakes / waters all trees on the island at once
- "**Quick Mine**": skips the searching part of the mining mini-game, just mine away indefinitely!
- "**Quick Fishing**": the location of the fish is marked with game objects. Also, you can't fail this mini-game, just press A as soon as bobber is inside the marked area
- On/Off **Toggling** of some objects (Campfire, DJ Booth, Dance Floor)


### Debug Interactions

- Teleport Sims & animals to safe position
- Tell Sims to move
- Push Sims
- Delete Sims (Sims can be respawned using the **Spawn Menu**)
- Force Sims to idle (will interrupt any ongoing interactions & makes the sim idle for a couple of seconds)
- Force Sims to interact with some objects (for objects that have multiple interactions one will be selected randomly)


### Cheat Menus
...when interacting with bookshelves!

- "**Give all resources**": will give you 999 of every single resource & item
- "**Unlock post-game blocks**": unlocks all post-game blocks (like the DJ Booth and Dance Floors)
- **Clothing**
   - "**Unlock bonus clothing**": usually unlocked with button combinations in the pause menu (see [MySims Fandom](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Cheat_Codes_(MySims_Kingdom)))
   - "**Unlock all clothing**": unlocks all clothing items (_WIP, some items may not be included yet_)
   - "**Lock all clothing**": locks all clothing items (_WIP, some items may not be included yet_)
- **Islands**
  - "**Unlock all story islands**": unlocks all story islands except [Reward Island](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Reward_Island)
  - "**Unlock reward island**"
  - "**Lock all islands**": locks all islands except [Capital Island](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Capital_Island)


### Model Swap Menu:

- give any Sim a makeover! You can mix and match any outfits & heads from existing Sims.
- also gives you access to the models of the [Shipwreck Cove crew](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Shipwreck_Cove#Island_Residents), [Beebee](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Beebee), Shirley, Makoto and the Princess


### Spawn Menu:

- spawn any Sim on any island!
  - spawned Sims behave autonomously; they will walk around, interact with objects and other Sims
  - autonomous Sims also have access to new custom interactions like fishing, watering trees, entering buildings and chatting with other Sims
  - the [Shipwreck Cove crew](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Shipwreck_Cove#Island_Residents) can also be spawned!
- spawn most animals anywhere you want!


### Configuration:

- the mod can be configured using the `Unlocked__Config.lua` file located in the `GameData/Lua` folder of the mod
- you can change the following settings:
  - `Enable Debug Interactions`: enables the debug interactions (teleport, push, delete, all cheat menus, etc.)
  - `Enable Model Swap Menu`: enables the model swap menu for NPCs
  - `Enable Flying`: enables the flying feature
  - `Enable Skipping Cutscenes`: enables the skipping of any cutscene

## Installation

- Continue from here with your platform (PC, Nintendo Switch with CFW or [Ryujinx](https://github.com/GreemDev/Ryujinx)):

---

### PC

- [Download the _Steam version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) or from [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/mysimscozybundle/mods/1?tab=files)
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract)
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Steam"
- Move the "data" folder (that is inside your "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Steam" (or your folder name) folder) to your game installation folder (e.g. "C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\MySims Kingdom")

---

### Switch

- [Download the _Switch version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) or from [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/mysimscozybundle/mods/1?tab=files)
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract).
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Switch"
- You can now install the mod manually (not recommended) or with **[SimpleModManager](https://github.com/nadrino/SimpleModManager)** (recommended)
- Connect your Switch to your PC and copy the mod files to the SD Card of your Switch depending on your preferred method:

#### Installation Methods

- **[SimpleModManager](https://github.com/nadrino/SimpleModManager)** (recommended): 
  1. put the entire "KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch" folder from the ZIP file on your SD Card into "mods/MySims Kingdom"
  2. the final folder structure should look like this:
      ```
      mods\
          └───MySims Kingdom\
              └───KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch\
                  └───contents\
                      └───010015401ffe0000\
                          └───romfs\
                              └───GameData\
                                  └───Lua
      ```
  3. enable the mod in SimpleModManager. Make sure that only 1 version is enabled at any time and disable any existing version before enabling a new one!


- **Manual**: put the "contents" folder (located inside the "KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch" folder) on your SD Card (overwrite if asked)

---

### Ryujinx

- [Download the _Ryujinx version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) & 
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract).
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx"
- right click on MySims Kingdom -> "Manage Mods" -> "Add" -> now go to where you extracted the ZIP file & select the folder "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx"
- the mod should now appear as "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx" in the mod manager

Commit message:

Mod v1.5.2
- Unlock Cheat Menu - unlock everything (scrolls, rewards, clothing) for any island
- Toggle Power Cheat - objects don't need electricity or water

- small changes & fixes
    - moved clothing only cheats to separate menu
    - fixed dj booth & dance floor power cutoff
    - only display ForceNPCUse interaction when any interaction is available
    - reorder cheat menus on bookshelf

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="50%" align="center" src="https://jacee.dev/img/mods/unlocked-logo.png" alt="">
</p>
  <h1 align="center">
  KingdomUnlocked
</h1>
<p align="center">
  A mod for MySims Kingdom on the Nintendo Switch, enabling debug interactions & cheat menus
</p>
<br>

_Note: All features listed here exist in the latest mod version. Some features may be missing when using previous mod versions. You can download the latest version [here](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest)._


### Custom interactions:

- Player character can use any customizations (e.g. clothes, hair, ...) regardless of gender
- **Flying**: press the map button to fly into the air
- "**Harvest All**" & "**Water All**" for trees: shakes / waters all trees on the island at once
- "**Quick Mine**": skips the searching part of the mining mini-game, just mine away indefinitely!
- "**Quick Fishing**": the location of the fish is marked with game objects. Also, you can't fail this mini-game, just press A as soon as bobber is inside the marked area
- On/Off **Toggling** of some objects (Campfire, DJ Booth, Dance Floor)


### Debug Interactions

- Teleport Sims & animals to safe position
- Tell Sims to move
- Push Sims
- Delete Sims (Sims can be respawned using the **Spawn Menu**)
- Force Sims to idle (will interrupt any ongoing interactions & makes the sim idle for a couple of seconds)
- Force Sims to interact with some objects (for objects that have multiple interactions one will be selected randomly)


### Cheat Menus
...when interacting with bookshelves!

- "**Give all resources**": will give you 999 of every single resource & item
- "**Toggle Power**": disables power / water requirement for all objects in the world
- "**Unlock Menu**": unlock all scrolls, rewards and clothing items of any island (including post-game unlocks)
- **Clothing Menu**
   - "**Unlock bonus clothing**": usually unlocked with button combinations in the pause menu (see [MySims Fandom](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Cheat_Codes_(MySims_Kingdom)))
   - "**Unlock all clothing**": unlocks all clothing items (_WIP, some items may not be included yet_)
   - "**Lock all clothing**": locks all clothing items (_WIP, some items may not be included yet_)
- **Islands**
  - "**Unlock all story islands**": unlocks all story islands except [Reward Island](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Reward_Island)
  - "**Unlock reward island**"
  - "**Lock all islands**": locks all islands except [Capital Island](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Capital_Island)


### Model Swap Menu:

- give any Sim a makeover! You can mix and match any outfits & heads from existing Sims.
- also gives you access to the models of the [Shipwreck Cove crew](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Shipwreck_Cove#Island_Residents), [Beebee](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Beebee), Shirley, Makoto and the Princess


### Spawn Menu:

- spawn any Sim on any island!
  - spawned Sims behave autonomously; they will walk around, interact with objects and other Sims
  - autonomous Sims also have access to new custom interactions like fishing, watering trees, entering buildings and chatting with other Sims
  - the [Shipwreck Cove crew](https://mysims.fandom.com/wiki/Shipwreck_Cove#Island_Residents) can also be spawned!
- spawn most animals anywhere you want!


### Configuration:

- the mod can be configured using the `Unlocked__Config.lua` file located in the `GameData/Lua` folder of the mod
- you can change the following settings:
  - `Enable Debug Interactions`: enables the debug interactions (teleport, push, delete, all cheat menus, etc.)
  - `Enable Model Swap Menu`: enables the model swap menu for NPCs
  - `Enable Flying`: enables the flying feature
  - `Enable Skipping Cutscenes`: enables the skipping of any cutscene

## Installation

- Continue from here with your platform (PC, Nintendo Switch with CFW or [Ryujinx](https://github.com/GreemDev/Ryujinx)):

---

### PC

- [Download the _Steam version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) or from [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/mysimscozybundle/mods/1?tab=files)
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract)
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Steam"
- Move the "data" folder (that is inside your "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Steam" (or your folder name) folder) to your game installation folder (e.g. "C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\MySims Kingdom")

---

### Switch

- [Download the _Switch version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) or from [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/mysimscozybundle/mods/1?tab=files)
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract).
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Switch"
- You can now install the mod manually (not recommended) or with **[SimpleModManager](https://github.com/nadrino/SimpleModManager)** (recommended)
- Connect your Switch to your PC and copy the mod files to the SD Card of your Switch depending on your preferred method:

#### Installation Methods

- **[SimpleModManager](https://github.com/nadrino/SimpleModManager)** (recommended): 
  1. put the entire "KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch" folder from the ZIP file on your SD Card into "mods/MySims Kingdom"
  2. the final folder structure should look like this:
      ```
      mods\
          └───MySims Kingdom\
              └───KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch\
                  └───contents\
                      └───010015401ffe0000\
                          └───romfs\
                              └───GameData\
                                  └───Lua
      ```
  3. enable the mod in SimpleModManager. Make sure that only 1 version is enabled at any time and disable any existing version before enabling a new one!


- **Manual**: put the "contents" folder (located inside the "KingdomUnlocked_..._Switch" folder) on your SD Card (overwrite if asked)

---

### Ryujinx

- [Download the _Ryujinx version of the mod under "Assets"](https://github.com/j4ceee/KingdomUnlocked/releases/latest) & 
- Extract the downloaded ZIP file (on Windows: right click -> Extract All... -> Extract).
- You should now see a folder named like the ZIP file, e.g. "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx"
- right click on MySims Kingdom -> "Manage Mods" -> "Add" -> now go to where you extracted the ZIP file & select the folder "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx"
- the mod should now appear as "KingdomUnlocked_vX.Y.Z_Ryujinx" in the mod manager
